src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:4:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CiudadPopular' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=2, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/CiudadPopular.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:4:	PackageCase:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Pedido' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=16)
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:10:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'total' is never used (overwritten on line 21)
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destino' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numtravelers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'vacdays' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numTravelers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'vacDays' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'total' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:86:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/main/java/Clases/Pedido.java:88:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.IOException'
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:9:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Main
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'ciudadesPopulares' may be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:11:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paris' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newYork' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokyo' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'barcelona' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new ArrayList<>()`
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:33:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm1' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:43:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m1
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:55:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:57:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:59:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:70:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:71:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:75:	LogicInversion:	LogicInversion: Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:77:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:78:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:89:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'total' is never used (overwritten on line 103)
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:90:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:91:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:91:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'destino' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:93:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'personas' is never used (overwritten on line 98)
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:103:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'total' is never used
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:106:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'duracion' is never used (overwritten on line 110)
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:109:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:115:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:116:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:117:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'confirmacion' is never used (overwritten on line 121)
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:122:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:123:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:126:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:131:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:139:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cantidad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:155:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:155:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:156:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:167:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ciudadesPopulares' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/vacationst5/Main.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cp' could be declared final
